Update clone instructions (#1166)
stackrox/stackrox: README.md

# Create a GOPATH: this is the location of your Go "workspace".
# (Note that it is not – and must not – be the same as the path Go is installed to.)
# The default is to have it in ~/go/, or ~/development, but anything you prefer goes.

> # Whatever you decide, create the directory, and set GOPATH and update PATH:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Whatever you decide, create the directory, set GOPATH, and update PATH:
```

export GOPATH=$HOME/go # Change this if you choose to use a different workspace.
export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin

> You probably want to permanently set these by adding the following commands to your shell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# You probably want to permanently set these by adding the following commands to your shell
```

> # You will probably want to permanently set these by adding those commands to your shell 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You probably want to permanently set these by adding the following commands to your shell
```

export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin
source ~/.bash_profile
# You will probably want to permanently set these by adding those commands to your shell 
# configuration (e.g. ~/.bash_profile)

$ cd $GOPATH
$ mkdir bin pkg src

# Replace https git-urls with ssh, required to fetch go dependencies.
$ git config --global --add url.git@github.com:.insteadof https://github.com/

# Instruct Go to bypass the Go package proxy for our private dependencies

> $ go env -w GOPRIVATE=github.com/stackrox

Author: > Would the thing still work without these lines now?

It did for me in a clean Ubuntu env.

> mkdir -p bin pkg src

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mkdir -p bin pkg
```
Since `src` is also mentioned below.
